[Music]
hi guys welcome back to my channel this
is Vanessa with Nessa bug blogs today
I'm going to be reviewing saw full
bathing suits I have seen so many
reviews floating around YouTube on this
new affordable swimsuit line and I was
really curious I feel like most of the
reviews I've seen so far have been
pretty positive
most of the bikinis are under 20 dollars
for the entire set and um if you're
anything like me when anything seems too
good to be true I usually think it is
too good to be true but honestly um I'm
pretty surprised and I actually already
placed a second order to resolve all
after I received these yesterday so
today I'm going to review the two
swimsuits that I did get and give you
guys my honest opinion okay so here's
how it comes packaged it actually comes
really cute in this little bag it has
like a little zipper on it so I thought
this was really cute when I ordered on
the Jesse James Decker bathing suit back
like a year or two ago and those came
out Hearst came in a little bag like
this too so I really look wasn't it's
just like the little touch that I wasn't
expecting so here's the first bikini and
I really really like this one a lot it's
a palm tree print so here's the top um
it has little spaghetti straps and kind
of like a V um v-neck kind of thing and
here's the back I'll show you the
closure it's a metal closure clasp in
the back it looks like that and it feels
like you know pretty sturdy it is padded
it has removable um pads in here if you
wanted to take them out but I think you
should you probably want to keep them in
and then it because if it didn't it
wouldn't have like any structure um but
this just feels really nicely made for
what it is like I tried it it fits
amazing like I'm just I'm super blown
away you're going to have that if you
have this video but I'm just really
surprised at how well these things fit
and and then here is the bottom also
really really cute I got this whole set
in a medium
that's the one disadvantage abouts awful
is everything comes in a set so you
can't get like you know a different size
top and the different size bottom you
have to get the same size
I got mediums for both things that I had
ordered and they actually ended up
working out great after watching some
more reviews I saw that girl said that
sometimes china sizing can be a little
bit different than American sizing
typically you would order a size larger
than what you normally are I typically
wear a medium and most things so I got a
medium and it ended up working out well
I think if I had ordered a large it
probably would have fit still but I'm
really happy that I got the medium um so
yeah here's the bottom again I just want
to show you how well this is made um
again for the price it's made really
well I think it's made a bit better than
even like pink like at Victoria's Secret
and um you know how Victoria's Secret
stop making bathing suits I'm really
really surprised that they stopped
making bathing suits but I actually
think that these are made better than
their swimsuits and I feel like that's
it's just crazy because this is $20 for
the whole set and that's like your BAE
they're amazing since they're you could
spend like $100 between the separates so
it's just crazy but these are like it's
a double line so like this is like one
piece of material and this is another
piece of material so it's not just like
one little piece of material it's like
really nicely made it's really like
thick and I'm just really really
impressed so yeah this is the first
bikini this was $19.99 for the set and
again I got a medium and I'm super super
happy with it I think this is my
favorite one that I got okay the next
one that I got is this striped set um
here's the top it is just stripe black
and white stripes spaghetti strap
there's no closure it's just a pullover
let me show you that and then it has
adjustable straps right here so you
could move this up and down and then the
inside is this really pretty like it's
not really picking up on the camera but
it's kind of like a blush pink color and
it just looks really cute um I really
like how this fits it fits really well
this one is definitely more has more
coverage than the V
neck um I can't think of the word palm
tree one um but yeah it's just like
really nice I feel like this would be
good for I'm just getting minimal tan
lines and it fits really nicely here's
the bottom this bottom has a little bit
more coverage than the banana or the
palm tree one and it fits really well um
like the other first one I showed it is
double line so this is really thick and
really nicely made um there's the back
of it and again it has the striped print
and then the inside is this blushy pink
color and I really like it and this one
is a medium as well so all in all my is
awful review is definitely positive it
did the negatives I can think of is that
it did take about two and a half to
three weeks to get here so I did place
my order on June 4th and I just got it
yesterday on June 22nd so it definitely
took a long time um so when you do order
expect it to take a couple of weeks and
notice - when I went to place my second
order and that certain suits will give a
longer processing time so some of them
will say like will process within three
to five business days from ship from
order date some of them say seven to ten
days so if it doesn't process for seven
to ten days it's not even getting
shipped out for seven to ten days so
those ones you can probably expect to
not see them at your doorstep for over a
month I would assume um so that's that's
the one drawback it takes a long time to
get there but we are at the beginning of
the summer so hopefully the order if you
decide that you want to try something
out you will get it you know probably
right after fourth of July um the other
disadvantage I had found was that you
can't really ship your package very well
they do give you a shipping number and
an order number
however it's through China mail and I've
noticed that like when I went to look at
um but where my package was about last
week or so it shows that it shipped out
of the China like facility but then the
tracking kind of just stops um so for
I don't know for a little while Hera
just thought maybe I lost out maybe I
wasn't going to get it but I'm just
hanging tight you hopefully will get it
but it's not easy to track it so you
kind of just got to sit tight and wait
for your package to arrive so all in all
I spent um $33 whiffed tax um the palm
tree mating suit was $19.99 and then
this striped bathing suit was $13.99 so
it was a complete bargain um they have
free shipping free worldwide shipping
over $30 so if you buy two bathing suits
it's pretty easy to get over that $30
mark and yeah it's just I'm super
impressed um I ordered I went ahead and
ordered three more three more bathing
suits and my best friend actually was
visiting this weekend and I showed her a
tease and she tried them on and she was
like blown away she actually ordered
five bathing suit suit because she was
really really impressed as well
horrified bathing suits I think came to
$63 or something like that so crazy
bargain I just I can't believe it um all
the reviews I've seen on YouTube are
definitely honest because um you know I
truly I mean I would try it out I would
see what you think
um you pay through PayPal online you can
also pay directly to za wall but I went
through PayPal just in case and yeah I
thought it was a great experience I
definitely will order for them again and
able to definitely give you guys an
update on the suits that I did order and
let you know what I think
so thank you guys so much for watching
this video please subscribe if you'd
like to see more videos from me in the
future and have a great day
[Music]